Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dust My Broom', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Say It Isn't True', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Gets Better', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take It Or Leave It', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Be Seeing You', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Smooth Criminal - Radio Edit', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tried To Be True', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank You', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Georgia Morning Dew', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Almost Human', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song '21st Century Schizoid Man (radio version) [Bonus Track]', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back Where You Belong', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Seven Deadly Sins', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Born For You', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skyscraper', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Didn't Know What Time It Was', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Day My Prince Will Come - Mono Version', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Go the Distance', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Would I Lie To You?', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Close Another Door', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song '33 Piano Variations In C, Op.120 On A Waltz By Anton Diabelli: Variation 10 (Presto)', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Without You (feat. Usher)', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Powerslave - Live at Long Beach Arena; 1998 Remaster', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Brainer', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How We Party', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Wing - Live 10/12/68 Winterland, San Francisco, CA', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Coming Back to Life', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Dear Companion', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Streets of Philadelphia - Single Edit', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Real Love', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Evergreen (Love Theme from, "A Star Is Born") - Reprise', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rebel Within', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Forward to Death', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Put 'Em Down Blues', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The First Nowell / Wassail, Wassail All Over the Town / God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen / Hark! The Herald Angels Sing', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Circus - Acoustic; Live at MTV Unplugged, Bray Film Studios, Windsor, England, UK, 1/16/1992; 2013 Remaster', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know How It Feels', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Corner Crew Dub', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Come, All Ye Faithful - Remastered 1997', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Callin (feat. Snoop Dogg)', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Punk Rock Classic - Remastered', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A rossa - Instrument and base Version', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mormond Braes', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back Off Ringcraft', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The One You Love', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Very Special Love Song', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want To Be With You', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't You Remember? - Digitally Remastered 97', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Laughing at Life - Take 1', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't That The Truth', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fall in Philadelphia', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When I Grow Up (To Be A Man) - Remastered', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There Stands The Glass', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Don't Know Me', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Day In The Life - Take 1 With Hums', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Been So Long', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mild Is The Mood', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for 2 Keyboards in C Minor, BWV 1062: II. Andante e piano', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Knows Where the Time Goes', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for Piano & Orchestra No. 1 in C Major, Op. 15: III. Rondo - Allegro scherzando', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music to Watch Girls By', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(The Best Part Of) Breakin' Up', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amor Traicionero', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pretty Flower in Your Backyard', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Good Life - Remastered', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Just Satisfies', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Got My Love to Keep Me Warm', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Paper Thin Walls', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Play at Your Own Risk - Remix', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They Say It's Spring', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hell Song', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Little Less Talk And A Lot More Action', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hearing Aid', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Too Young to Burn', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lights, Camera, Action! - Remix - Radio Edit', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back To The Hotel', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Classic (feat. POWERS)', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ice Cream Man - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'City Of Angels', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Beauty', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So You're Leaving', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get Up, Stand Up - Live At The Lyceum, London/1975', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lithium', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Comes Next?', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Closing Theme and Announcements - Live at Folsom State Prison, Folsom, CA (1st Show) - January 1968', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Midsummer Night's Dream, Op. 61: Wedding March', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Joy Of A Toy', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Lamb Ran Away with the Crown - Remastered', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Child Is This', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Day at the Dog Races', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Radio Ga Ga - Live at Wembley '86', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Am I Waiting', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Just A Thought', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Career of Evil', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Robin's Horn', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter - Live At The Newport Jazz Festival, 1957', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Inevitable Return Of The Great White Dope', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Watching And Waiting', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op. 43: Variation XIV', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Half a Heart', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn Back Time', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carry Me Home', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Time I Look For You', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wish I Was', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wednesday Night Prayer Meeting - Alternative Take', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When The Whip Comes Down - Remastered', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Love Inside', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Lovely Celia', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Upside Down', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Senior Service', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Be With You', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chances Are', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mushroom Gorge', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Free Mexican Airforce', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Only One', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Little Drummer Boy', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2, Op. 9 "Antar": III. Allegro risoluto alla Marcia', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Buried a Lie', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One More Rainy Day', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Feel Your Love Tonight - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Great Commandment', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thoughtforms - 2nd Version', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hump', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bashment Time Featuring Mr. Easy', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'String Quartet No. 12 in E-Flat Major, Op. 127: Radio Announcement', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Backs Turned Looking Down the Path', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lean Back', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Should I Cry Over You? - Remastered', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Best Day', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gotta Go My Own Way', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Evil Ways', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Best Of What's Around - Live', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The World Spins', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bowling Song', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thanks For You', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Hearted Woman', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Once In the Highlands', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Snow in His Hair', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flowers Never Bend with the Rainfall', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jupiter', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'House Of Suffering', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Postman Always Rings Twice (1946) Opening Title', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So Done (feat. Khalid)', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brahms: Violin Concerto in D Major, Op. 77: II. Adagio', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shelf In The Room', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Victim of Love', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing On My Own', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Name Of The Game', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willy Wonka (feat. Paulina & Jafé)', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Soundtrack 2 My Life', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blues In Time', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alone Together', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chalo Chale Hum Janseva Mein', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Our Love Is Here To Stay', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spring Will Be A Little Late This Year', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hogwarts Forever! and the Moving Stairs', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '10 Etudes for Piano: For the Weaker Fingers "Music Box Lullaby"', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song '6 Little Preludes: No. 6 in E Minor, BWV 938', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Countdown', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold Cash And Cold Hearts', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'First Light - 2004 Digital Remaster', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Will Always', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skin (Sarabeth)', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Kind of Girl', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Green Apples', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Will Lead You Back', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cause I Need It', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dervish Dream', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song '10:15 Saturday Night - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Homeward Bound', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keg in the Closet', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Rain Or Come Shine', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let Me Love You on a Backroad (The Roadhead Song)', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Morning Heartache', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nancy Boy', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Uncle Jack', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boys Don't Cry - Chestnut Studio Demo 5/78', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thanks to the Rolling Sea', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 in G Major, BWV 1048: I. [Allegro]', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stained Glass Eyes And Colorful Tears', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Zay Elhawa Live Record', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dear X, You Don't Own Me', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reflection - Instrumental', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Too Hot Ta Trot', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Caribbean Queen (No More Love On the Run)', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Devil Had A Hold Of Me', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Goodbye (feat. Pusha T and Stormzy)', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'See See Rider - Live at The Honolulu International Center, Hawaii January 14, 1973', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lonely Comin' Down', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rain On Me (with Ariana Grande)', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Voy a Despedirme', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto No. 3 in C, Op.26: Theme and Variations: Variation II: Allegro', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Is War', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bedonay Bhore Giyechhe Peyala', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring (Scenes of Pagan Russia in Two Parts): Summoning of the Ancestors', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From Shores To Mountains', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To Be Loved', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doce doce - Instrument and base Version', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Worst Pies in London', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lay Down', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take My Hand, Precious Lord', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Green Hornet Theme - From the Greenway-20th Century-Fox TV Series "The Green Hornet"', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Polovetsian Dances from Prince Igor: Presto II', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Man That Got Away', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Morning Heartache', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bees Knees', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Georgia On My Mind', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concrete Jungle - 2002 Remaster', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Automatic - Single Version', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me About Me', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Motivation', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's New', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Day in My Life', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'crush on you', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Chain - Live 1977', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Git Up From There', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moonshiner', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Poison Heart', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue In Green - Album Version - (take 2 bonus track)', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Unity Village', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Driven Like the Snow - Vinyl Version; New Version for Digital', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Riff Raff - Live at the Apollo Theatre, Glasgow, Scotland - April 1978', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The White Lady Loves You More', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Start The New Year Off Right', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Were You When I Was Falling In Love', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Sheep', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Under the British Commander', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jenny Rebecca', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One of My Lies', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Because the Night - Live Unplugged', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Taste of Bitter Love', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Astronomy (8th Light)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Relaxing With Lee - Take 2 / Incomplete', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carnival of the Animals, R. 125: The Elephant', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Things Are Looking Up (with Teddy Wilson & His Orchestra)', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Name the Dogs', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song '1,000 Julys - 2008 Remaster', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'City of New Orleans', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For a Few Dollars More: Watch Chimes (Carillon's Theme)', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look Over Your Shoulder (feat. Kendrick Lamar)', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'History Lesson Part 2', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Next', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trains And Boats And Planes', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Comedy Tonight', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Oracle', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bring Me My Bride', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No. 1 Party Anthem', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Far Down Can I Go', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Quatuor pour piano et cordes No. 2 in E-Flat Major, K. 493: II. Larghetto', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Voodoo Child (Slight Return) - Live at Ripley's Music Hall, Philadelphia, PA, Oct. 20, 1983', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fight Fire With Fire (Studio Demo)', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Many More Times - Remaster', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Please Go Home', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Gonna Paper All My Walls With Your Love Letters', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Desperate People', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lift Yourself', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Siamese Cat Song - From "Lady and the Tramp"', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got out of Hand', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alright', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Sailboat In the Moonlight', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Christmas to Remember', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Oldest Established (from "Guys and Dolls")', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Follow Rivers', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All That I've Got', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's You Or No One - Remastered 2015', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everyday Is A Winding Road', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lay It All Down', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'CIGARETTES', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Thy Neighbor (with Nat W. Finston and His Paramount Orchestra)', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give It All We Got Tonight', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Edge of the Ocean', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'SAME THING', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Candy - Rudy Van Gelder Edition / 2007 / Digital Remaster', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Set It Off', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Island', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Other Love', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Go Cut Creator Go', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Long Hot Summer', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Sweet (Roy Fox)', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Bit of Sympathy - 2007 Remaster', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Best Of Me', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dirt Road Anthem (feat. Brantley Gilbert)', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song '4 Pieces for Violin & Piano, Op. 7: I. Sehr langsam', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Gravel Road - Score', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'For the Good Times', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Street Fighting Man - 50th Anniversary Edition', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When A Boy Falls In Love', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am the Fly - 2006 Remastered Version', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Not Track Five, Not Chainsaw Juggler', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're the Voice', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 38 in D Major, K. 504 "Prague": III. Finale. Presto', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Steamer Lane Breakdown', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Psychic City - Classixx Remix', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Think I'm Okay', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'lt Came Upon a Midnight Clear', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Air Dance - 2014 Remaster', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Margaret', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Band Played On', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ruby, My Dear', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can Read Between The Lines - Remastered', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Around', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lullaby - 2010 Remaster', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willow', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold as Ice', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Breath You Take (feat. Liza Anne)', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Skinhead-Girl', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Should Care', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up and Down, Up and Down (I Will Lead Them Up and Down) [Puck]', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pussy Willow', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Never Smile Again', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chamber Of Reflection', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn The Page - Live In Detroit/1975', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Release, Release', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All My Friends Say', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Grey Seal - Remastered 2014', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give In to Me', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Por Un Amor (For a Love)', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jelly Roll', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Runaway (Bonus Mono Version)', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dressed Up; When Sue Wears Red; April Rain Song', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Suite For Cello Solo No.2 In D Minor, BWV 1008: 2. Allemande', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fanfare for the Common Man', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold, Cold Heart', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn! Turn! Turn! (To Everything There Is a Season)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Came from the Mountains', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rockstar Chainz', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up All Night', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Head, Booty & Cock', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bottle And A Gun', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We'll Be Together', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here Comes The Flood', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There's A Small Hotel', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Those Oldies but Goodies (Remind Me of You)', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bach, J.S.: Orchestral Suite No. 3 in D Major, BWV 1068: II. Air', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hamster Dance Song', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Fair Lady: I Could Have Danced All Night', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Go (feat. Ne-Yo)', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Old Crowd', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lost In The Moment', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Santa Looked a Lot Like Daddy', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Variations and Fugue in E-Flat Major, Op. 35 "Eroica Variations": Variation XIV', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Saturday Morning', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Teaser', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Get Along Without You Very Well (Except Sometimes) - Vocal Version', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good For Me', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stars Of The Midnight Range', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eyes of the World', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'War with Yourself', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Last Breath', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Invented Sex (feat. Drake)', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work Hard, Play Hard', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Mission', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cuban Crime Of Passion', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lose My Mind - Acoustic', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With A Little Help From My Friends - Remastered 2009', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And I Love Him', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If This World Were Mine (with Luther Vandross)', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Deireadh an Tuath', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Walks On Me', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Final Countdown - Live Version', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bag of Bones', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The New Lee Highway Blues', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Like This (feat. Eve)', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keeper Of The Stars - Bonus Track', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Appalachian Pride', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song '8 Figures (feat. Meek Mill)', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out Of The Blue - Remastered 2014', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've Got so Much Trouble in My Mind (7" Mix)', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Another Star', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't Got Time to Waste', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down on the Farm', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Say It With Music', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 25 in G Minor, K. 183: III. Menuetto - Trio', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Warehouse', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Epistrophy (Take 1)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On a Clear Day', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Below The Bassline', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No One Cares', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let Me Be Loved - Vocal Version', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Iron Fist', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Riot Girl', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Star Wars and the Revenge of the Sith', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Think About It - 2016 Remaster', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Partners In Crime', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hotel California - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who You'd Be Today', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song '21st Century Schizoid Man - Including "Mirrors"', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Piano Sonata in A Major Op. 33, No. 1: I. Allegro', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Want Is You', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Motto', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come On In My Kitchen - Live', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'LOVE IN THE FIRST DEGREE ~悪いあなた~ (Remastered 2013)', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Get Started', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Race', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Stay Together - Single Version', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Mind Is Made Up', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When I Grow Up', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Prologue - Live At The Greek Theatre, Los Angeles/1972', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Place to Fall', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Manon, Act III:"Ah, fuyez douce image"', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mrs. Officer', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Stopped Loving Me', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Smiled Sweetly', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tea For Two', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Can You Do?', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Glad There Is You', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Office Air Conditioners', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Share Your Love With Me', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Get Me So High', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trade In My Life', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walkin' The Fence', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Evil Woman', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Is There Something I Should Know? - 2010 Remaster', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song '24 (feat. Lil Baby)', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cry! Cry! Cry! (2017 Remaster)', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Souvlaki Space Station', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cold Shot', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Don't Hurt Now', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancing On The Ceiling - Remastered', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song '12 Days of Christmas', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time, Love and Tenderness', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Honey Bee', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Face Of The Earth', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fever Dreams', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walk On Water', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have A Heart', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Olympia WA', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cruel World', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Still in Town - Stereo Version', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hotel California - Live Mix', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Drop That Name', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Darling if I Had You', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'lt Came Upon a Midnight Clear', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Project Dreams', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Back to Erin - Remastered', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flurry Of Dust - A Robot Approaches', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living On Memories of You', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got the Boy', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'War of Hearts (Acoustic Version)', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want You (She's So Heavy) - Remastered 2009', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yesterday Once More', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Coventry Carol', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sultans of Swing', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Woman Needs Love (Just Like You Do)', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song '"Introduction" from Te Deum', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pictures of You - 2010 Remaster', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tin Tin Por Tin Tin', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Other Love (From "Me & Juliet") - 1993 Remastered', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love-Forty Blues', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Psychologically Ultimate Seashore', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Call On Me', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Children's Corner, L. 113: No. 6, Golliwogg's Cake-Walk (Arr. J. Heifetz for Violin & Piano) [Live]', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Of You - RVG Remaster', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want to Know Your Plans', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Glad There Is You', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got The Feelin' (Oh No, No)', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dead Flowers', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Relentless Chaos', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Aave Chhe Re Aave Chhe', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Child Is This? / Twelve Days of Christmas / Baloo Lammy', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Can Have Him - Live Version - Sept. 1959', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'They Call The Wind Maria - Live', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moments Like This', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just A Dream', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Art of the Fugue, BWV 1080: Contrapunctus IX - Remastered', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song '7 Months, 39 Days', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ooh Aah...Just a Little Bit - Motiv8 Radio Edit', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ae Chand Kabhi Na Chhoopna', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rockstar Chainz', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look What You've Done', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Other Side', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Morning Little Schoolgirl', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lay Your Hands On Me', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Tell You Why - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red River Valley', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If I Had You', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brianstorm', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Highscore', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Et moi dans mon coin - Remastered 2014', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Am Defiant', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Darn That Dream', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sour Candy (with BLACKPINK)', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both Of Us', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Her To Come Back Home', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Burning down One Side - 2006 Remaster', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dancewitme', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Money Made Me Do It', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Get Out of the Ghetto Blues', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Someone To Watch Over Me - from Oh, Kay!', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Africa', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mahler: Symphony No. 5 in C-Sharp Minor: IV. Adagietto', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Me Something Good', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Little Black Train', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come By Me', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Letter to Hermione - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Like It Hot - 7"; 2004 Remaster', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Key To Love - Mono', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Before My Time', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'An American In Paris Ballet', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'To Lay Me Down - Live', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Break Down the Walls', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Love (feat. T.I.)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lovesick Blues', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 3 in E-Flat Major, Op. 97 "Rhenish": IV. Feierlich', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beethoven: Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 27 No. 2 "Moonlight": III. Presto agitato', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hollywood Nights - Live/Remastered', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wabash Cannon Ball', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Holy Night', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old San Juan', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whiskey Johnny', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cheatin' Is - 2003 Remaster', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Weight of Lies', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Boys from Syracuse: Falling in Love with Love', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Without Love', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don Quixote Op.35: IX Variation VIII: The Adventure with the Enchanted Boat', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Church Street Sobbin' Blues', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Melody in F Major, Op. 3, No. 1', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Amar Praner Manush Achhe Prane', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baggy Trousers', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Won't Be Long Now', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Battleships', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heroes Are Hard to Find', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Politics As Usual', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Any Major Dude Will Tell You', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Brand New Cha Cha', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto No. 10 in E-Flat Major for Two Pianos and Orchestra, K. 365: II. Andante', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When You Got a Good Friend - Take 2', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Next Big River', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pressure and Time', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need a Freak', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chand Sifarish', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Violin Sonata No. 6 in A Major, Op. 30 No. 1: I. Allegro', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Long Cool Woman (In a Black Dress)', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Scissor Man - 2001 Digital Remaster', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Faithless Love', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dreamer', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Children In Heat', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Green-Tinted Sixties Mind - 2010 Remastered Version', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I’m Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'East Wes - Instrumental', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Love Me Now?', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lovers in a Dangerous Time', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Takes Two', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Solitaire - Remastered', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Field Party (Remix) [feat. Colt Ford & JJ Lawhorn]', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Came Upon A Midnight Clear', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Rain Or Come Shine (Take 5)', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Head, Booty & Cock', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Trembling Of A Leaf', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chemical Warfare', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Care Much', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Merry Old Land Of Oz', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Eternal Father, Strong to Save', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Compared to What', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crying In The Chapel', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Jesus Is All', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Enemy', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Runaway Child, Running Wild', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sam Hill - Remastered', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do You Recall', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 5 in C Minor, Op. 67: I. Allegro con brio', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Behind The Eight Beat', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Black Cat', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carol Of The Bells', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jamboree (feat. Zhané)', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Play House', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Same In The End', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Him or Me - What's It Gonna Be?', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'B*tch From Da Souf', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Gonna Need My Help', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Main Title', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Howlin' For My Darlin'', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You and Me (But Mostly Me)', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Longest Wave', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me And My Guitar', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Suite from the Polar Express', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'So Tired', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Temptation', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lost In Hollywood', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Live With Me - Live', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Are My Flower', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Light My Fire', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jimmy Jazz - Remastered', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Straight Alky Blues, Pt. 1', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wanna Be Where You Are', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Would These Arms Be In Your Way', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Etude, Op. 10, No. 12 "Revolutionary"', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'South Pacific: You've Got To Be Carefully Taught', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Throw A Penny', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Straight, No Chaser (Take 1, Alternate)', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rainy Night In Georgia', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ballad of Phillip Nathan Johnson', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old McDonald Had A Farm', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hush, Hush, Sweet Charlotte', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Golden Horn - Remastered', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Little Girl (feat. Donald Glover, Madeleine Martin & Roz Ryan)', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moon Glow', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With You, Friends (Long Drive)', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take It Where You Find It - Remastered', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Queen of the Desert', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '18th & M', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hermit Songs, Op. 29: Church Bell at Night', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Southern Comfort', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Checkmate', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tip Toe Through The Tulips With Me', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Is You Is Or Is You Ain't (My Baby)', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If I Had You - Bonus Track', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(I Love You) For Sentimental Reasons', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pepino's Friend Pasqual (The Italian Pussycat)', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Shot Cupid?', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take My Hand, Precious Lord', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Funky Nation', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'River Euphrates', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One O'Clock Jump', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Close To You', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sometimes in Winter', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carrying Your Love With Me', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If That's What It Takes', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Way I Feel', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ugly Duckling', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Battery (Remastered)', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Only Girl (In The World)', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Live With Me Angel - Unedited Mix', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night And Day', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That'll Be The Day', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Secret Life Of Daydreams - From "Pride & Prejudice" Soundtrack', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Go Home with Bonnie Jean', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'City Of Stars', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't No Sunshine', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silver Bells (feat. Naturally 7)', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stella By Starlight', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Back To Me', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Kind of Girl I Could Love - Original Stereo Version; 2006 Remaster', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nurse's Office', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Puff She Puff', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Building The Barn - From "Witness"', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Walk Alone', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Murder in the City', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Charlotte the Harlot - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Won't Change Me - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sherm Stick', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song '3 Small Words', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Werther, Acte I: O spectacle idéal d'amour et d'innocence', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Somebody Else Will', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What Kind of Love', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Firebird Suite: Rondo (Khorovod) - Revised 1945 Version', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kansas City Southern', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Could Write A Book', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bach, J.S.: Brandenburg Concerto No. 4 in G Major, BWV 1049: III. Presto', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Perry Mason', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Front Porch', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tree Trail', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wouldn't Want to Be Like You', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Soon Is Now? - 2011 Remaster', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There's a Honky Tonk Angel (Who Will Take Me Back In)', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet Seasons', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moonlight Lady', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Make Yourself Comfortable', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Listen to the Clock on the Wall', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Epic Motion - Original Mix', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Give It to Me', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whisper Not - Live', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, BWV 565: 1. Toccata', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'April In Paris', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Telephone Always Rings', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'On Broadway', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brave New World - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Roy Rogers - Remastered 2014', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Slow Rider', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take The Power Back', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look What The Wind Blew In', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Once Upon A Time In America', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Turn Blue', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Each Coming Night', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'By the River Sainte Marie', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Dark Of The Matinée', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ones That Didn’t Make It Back Home', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willie The Wailer', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Private Dancer - Single Edit', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Étude in G-Flat Major, Op. 10, No. 5 "Black Keys"', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Snowblind', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Stop - Live at Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, CA 5/23/97', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Proposal (From An Affair to Remember) (1957)', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up, Up and Away', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bajlo Tomar Aalor Benu (with Narration)', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Monk's Dream - Take 8', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just In Time', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Midnight Special', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Torture Never Stops', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Eagles Dare - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hippies and Cowboys', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Rite of Spring (Scenes of Pagan Russia in Two Parts): Part Two - The Sacrifice. Introduction. Largo', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Long Gone', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That Don't Impress Me Much', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Get Started - Live', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dreaming Of You', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hey Ya! - Radio Mix', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Quest for Fire - 2015 Remaster', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carry Me Ohio', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Magic Bus - Mono Edit', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 4 in E Minor, Op. 98: Allegro non troppo', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Caribea', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Nigga Ya Love To Hate', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Taking It All Too Hard - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr. Jelly Lord', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Our Day Will Come', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Confession', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where There's Woman', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Old McDonald Had A Farm', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Off You', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Seaboard and Southern', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Passing Years', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who Found Who', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everybody's Talkin'', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Back Home In Indiana - Bonus Track', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Any Way You Want Me', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Hate Me 7 I Hate You', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jenny Take a Ride', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Battle Cry', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stop!', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When I'm Not Near the Girl I Love', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fallen on Hard Times - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gore Gore O Banke Chhore', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time After Time', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thirteen', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got You Babe', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wild Rover', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Parker's Mood - New Take 1', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Arms of Sorrow', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Forever & Always - Piano Version', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Fine Romance - Take 1', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Thank You for the Venom', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Half-Breed Apache', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Very Thought Of You', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Move Me No Mountain', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Train in Vain (Stand by Me) - Remastered', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Beyond and Back', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Would I Stop?', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Real Thing', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Just a Little Closer', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr. Jones', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Variations op.9', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Round Midnight', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bald Headed Woman', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Étude in D-sharp minor, Op. 8, No. 12', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Crazy Bout Ya', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ms. Jackson', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everyday America', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mountain Jam (Theme From “First There Is A Mountain”) - Live At The Fillmore East, March 12 & 13, 1971', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting)', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Close All the Honky Tonks', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spirit of America (Stereo)', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Teeth Teens', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Swanee - Live At Carnegie Hall/1961', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When the Sun Hits', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Music To Goethe's Tragedy "Egmont", Op. 84: Overture', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whiskey In The Jar', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shoot to Thrill - Live - 1991', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tonight, Tonight - Remastered 2012', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Can Say Goodbye - Single Version', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All American Alien Boy', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What A Diff'rence A Day Made', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Big Eyed Beans from Venus', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sonatas and Interludes for Prepared Piano: Sonata V', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up All Night', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'String Quartet in F Major, Op. 3, No. 5, Hob. III:17: II. Andante cantabile', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Gonna Dance', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Room A Thousand Years Wide', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Charlie Brown', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Night - 1972 Version', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Brian Wilson', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby, It's Cold Outside', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chorra', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What If', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Bother?', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'River Flows in You', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The New World', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red Red Wine', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living And Living Well', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tell Me Why', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Made That Way', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Very Early', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'out for the night - part 2', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Chorus Line: Opening: I Hope I Get It', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Make You Love Me', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willow Weep for Me', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Four Seasons: 'Winter' in F Minor, RV 297: Allegro non Molto - Choral Version', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's A Bad Mama Jama (She's Built, She's Stacked)', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Woodchopper's Ball', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Living Loving Maid (She's Just a Woman) - 1993 Remaster', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want To Be Happy', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Until You Come Back to Me (That's What I'm Gonna Do)', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Saw You Close Your Eyes', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sing For Your Supper', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Desperation', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Fly With Me - Live At The Sands Hotel And Casino/1966', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Candy's Room - Live at Meadowlands Arena, E. Rutherford, NJ - July 1981', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Into The Old Man's Shoes', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Boyz-N-The-Hood - Remix', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Princes Of The Universe - Remastered 2011', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Great Escape', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Right On', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lead', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hold You Down', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flight 19', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And The Sun Will Shine', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Everybody Knows Your Name (Cheers Theme)', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 6 in E Minor: IV. Epilogue', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Trust In Jesus', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pints of Guinness Make You Strong', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Black Rider', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jive Talkin' - From "Saturday Night Fever" Soundtrack', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Texas Flood', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I.T.T. (International Thief Thief) (Part 1 & 2)', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Case You Didn't Know', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Law Is for Protection of the People', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let's Dance at Disneyland - From "Plaza Gardens"', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Head On', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She's My Winona', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Coming Back to Life', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Road To Nowhere', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Empty', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All I Have to Do Is Dream', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reservations', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Queen of the Night - Radio Edit', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Horse with No Name', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look Around (You'll Find Me There)', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Different World', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Battle Scar', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'd Rather Be with You', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Up To You - Original Mix', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With His Hand On My Shoulder', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Old Dope Peddler', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flashlight - From "Pitch Perfect 2" Soundtrack', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All We Ever Do Is Say Goodbye', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Portobello Road - Stereo Version', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas (with Mitchell Ayres & His Orchestra)', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Having Myself a Time - Take 2', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dilwalon Ki Jeet Huyi', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Castles In The Air', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'As The Years Go Passing By', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nexus', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ain't No Grave', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'America - Reprise / From "The Jazz Singer" Soundtrack', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Quit You Baby - Remaster', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Musical Box - New Stereo Mix', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kiss Me, Baby (Stereo)', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Another One', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer (with The Pinafores)', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dolly Suite, Op. 56: II. Mi-a-ou. Allegro vivo', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All By Myself - Single Edit', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Africa Talks to You ("The Asphalt Jungle")', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Silver Threads and Golden Needles', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spin You Around', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'February Sea', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Aao Charkhe Se Preet Lagayen', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mighty Tight Woman - Remastered Version', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 5 in C Minor, Op. 67: I. Allegro con brio', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Polonaise-Fantaisie in A-Flat Major, Op. 61', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Now and Forever', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goons of Hazzard', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Uplifting Table (Revival Zion)', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O-o-h Child', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Texas', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's Four in the Morning', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Got Your Money (feat. Kelis)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One O'Clock Jump', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhythm Is A Dancer 2K19 - Melbourne Bounce Mix', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Standing In The Shadows Of Love', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Erroll's Theme / Announcer: Jimmy Lyons - Live at Sunset School, Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA, September 1955', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Still the One', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Beams', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2 in D Major, Op. 43: II. Tempo andante, ma rubato', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cave', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get Yourself Another Fool', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I've A Pretty Flowers', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Some Fool Made A Soldier Of Me', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Holy Night', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hannah at the Doorstep', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can't We Be Sweethearts', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get Off My Dick And Tell Yo Bitch To Come Here', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghetto Symphony (feat. Gunplay & A$AP Ferg)', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Get A Kick Out Of You - Take 7 / Master Take', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'White Christmas', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mine Would Be You', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I (Who Have Nothing)', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lost in the Supermarket', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Come Back For More', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Spring Will Be a Little Late This Year - From the Film "Christmas Holiday"', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Kills Me', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tchaikovsky: The Sleeping Beauty, Op. 66, Prologue "The Christening": No. 3c, Pas de six. Variation I "Candide"', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Souten Ghar Na Jaiyo Re', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Percussion Discussion', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The End.', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Penetration - Iggy Pop Mix', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get Up (feat. Chamillionaire)', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everybody Dance - 2018 Remaster', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Kind', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Kids In America', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Holy Wars...The Punishment Due - Remastered 2004', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Last Time I Saw Paris', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jerry Sprunger (with T-Pain)', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keep Me In The Moment - Radio Version', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Long Time Gone - 2005 Remaster', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tattoos on This Town', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Velveteen Rabbit', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhythm of the Rain', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Towards The Sun - From The "Home" Soundtrack', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wait Till You See Her - Remastered', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's A Laugh', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Charade (Main Title)', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whispering Journeys', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Be There for You (Theme from "Friends')', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Together - Remastered 2009', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Concerto for 2 Violins, Strings and Continuo in D Minor BWV 1043: II. Largo, ma non tanto - Redbook Stereo', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Blue Room', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Send a Picture of Mother - Live at Folsom State Prison, Folsom, CA (1st Show) - January 1968', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In A Big Country', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take Me Home, Country Roads - Live at the Sydney Opera House, Australia - November 1977', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Time Consumer', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'High Fidelity', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Complicated Game - 2001 Digital Remaster', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Spider', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Love Is Alive', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Atlanta Blues (Make Me One Pallet On Your Floor)', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Mess With My Man (feat. Brian Casey & Brandon Casey)', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Look into the Future', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Got (feat. Pimp C & Project Pat) - Explicit Album Version', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Little Drummer Boy', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Know What You Want (feat. Flipmode Squad)', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oochie Wally - Remix', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'If You Want To', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out Of Love (feat. Internet Money)', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Space Oddity (Live) [Stereo] - Live; Stereo', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Down the Road', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Saving All My Love for You', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moon River', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Voice of God Is Government', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Was Never There', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's How Strong My Love Is', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's All Right', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How High The Moon', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Medley: Lawdy, Miss Clawdy / Baby, What You Want Me to Do / Heartbreak Hotel / Hound Dog / All Shook Up / Can't Help Falling In Love / Jailhouse Rock / Love Me Tender - Live from the '68 Comeback Special', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Miss Fortune - B-Side of "Can't Get Enough"', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Focus on Sanity - Mono', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Fallin' For You', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Say I'm Scum', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Company - Original Broadway Cast: Company', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something Must Break - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Reefer Man - Live', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Scented Stock - 2018 Remaster', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Arriving Somewhere But Not Here', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Kid's American', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Looky Yonder / Black Betty / Yellow Women's Doorbells', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Autumn of Our Love', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In My Arms Instead', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dream - Edit', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Natural Born Killaz', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wires And The Concept Of Breathing', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Responsibility', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Prayer Position', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Things', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Carry On', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dream A Little Dream Of Me - 1998 Remaster', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You've Been Foolin' Round Town', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Home of the Blues', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Poem on the Underground Wall', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Miss You', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Destiny (feat. Jordan Hill & Billy Porter)', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Out of Step', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Moment', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It's in the Way That You Use It - 1999 Remaster', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hot Topic', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Port Of Call', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Good Well', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Back Down (Stereo)', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Expectation', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Everybody Knows Her', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Can't Rush Your Healing', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Eternal - 2020 Digital Master', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flipmode Squad Meets Def Squad (feat. Jamal, Redman, Keith Murray, Rampage the Last Boy Scout, Lord Have Mercy)', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Twelve Days of Christmas', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'As The World Falls Down', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come As You Are', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Any Old Wind That Blows', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr. Nice Watch', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Got a Love for You - Hurley's House Mix', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That Secret Place', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pocket of a Clown', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Feel The Volume', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ma comm'aggia fa' - Instrument and base Version', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Night Train - Stereo', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Fox, The Crow And The Cookie', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stillness Is The Move', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Touch of Grey - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Má Vlast (My Country): 3. Sarka', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Future Freaks Me Out', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Ballad of Mona Lisa', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Doubt About It', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghost Town', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There Will Never Be Another You', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue Jay Way - Remastered 2009', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Get To Know Ya', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Puccini: Madama Butterfly, Act 1: "Dovunque al mondo" (Sharpless, Pinikerton, Chorus)', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'In Your Own Sweet Way', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rudolph, The Red-Nosed Reindeer', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Second That Emotion', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Miss You (feat. Letoya Luckett)', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rivers Of Babylon - Acoustic Version', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We Could Run Away', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tap The Bottle', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Remember April', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Send the Pain Below', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let It Be Christmas', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Who's Gonna Fill Their Shoes - Live', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Walk On With The Duke', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sticks & Bricks', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Just A Singer (In A Rock And Roll Band)', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Go to My Head', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'First Dance', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Glorious (feat. Skylar Grey)', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'People Will Say We're in Love (From "Oklahoma!")', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 7 in A Major, Op. 92: III. Presto', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''Round About Midnight', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Lights Out, Words Gone', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My World', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Act II: Candy Cane', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song '24 Préludes, Op. 28: No. 23 in F Major. Moderato', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Another Round (feat. Chris Brown)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Melancholy Baby (with Jimmy Rushing)', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Whatever You Do! Don't!', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Watching The World Go By', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Rain On My Parade (Glee Cast Version)', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Flowers by the Door', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Donald Went A-Courtin'', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Third Eye Chakra - Light Vision', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Today - Remastered', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We'll Be Coming Back (feat. Example)', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Don't Rain On My Parade', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rock-a-Bye Boogie (Live)', in the style of Instrumental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Didn't Know What Time It Was', in the style of Comedy.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Truth Untold', in the style of Soul-RnB.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heat Of The Moment', in the style of Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something for Sellers - From the Mirisch-G & E Production "The Pink Panther"', in the style of Noise.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gonna Find You - 2007 Remaster', in the style of Radio Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pretty World', in the style of Bluegrass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Something - Remastered 2009', in the style of Experimental Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Spanish Lie', in the style of New Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Red Eye', in the style of Alternative Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Tonight I Climbed the Wall', in the style of Space-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Off Wit His Head (featuring Prospect) - Explict', in the style of Interview.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Used to Love Me a Lot', in the style of South Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Best for You', in the style of Techno.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Does Fort Worth Ever Cross Your Mind', in the style of Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Gave to You', in the style of Musique Concrete.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Border Song (Holy Moses)', in the style of Goth.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Work That', in the style of Banter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square', in the style of Grindcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Wanna Be With You', in the style of Musical Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Step It Up', in the style of Sound Art.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Moon Glow', in the style of Reggae - Dancehall.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Should I Cry Over You? - Remastered', in the style of Holiday.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Where Are You - Remastered', in the style of Fado.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Almost There - From "The Princess and the Frog" / Soundtrack Version', in the style of Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Want You', in the style of Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Find My Baby', in the style of Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Recomposed By Max Richter: Vivaldi, The Four Seasons: Spring 1', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Will The Circle Be Unbroken (Glory, Glory)', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goin' Down Slow', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Heaven's On Fire', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's My Name?', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Little Black Train', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sit Down Baby', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How I Move (feat. Lil Baby)', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Hard To Make A Stand', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pure Water (with Migos)', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rest Of My Life', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ghostbusters', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Are My Starship (feat. Michael Henderson)', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Country House - 2012 Remaster', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Charlie', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jesus, Jesus, Rest Your Head (Arr. A. Warrell)', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Hang My Head and Cry', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bitch Theme', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Save the Overtime (For Me)', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jump into the Fog', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pellichesi Choopisthaam', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Push It', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song '2120 South Michigan Avenue - Long Version', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'That's Me Without You', in the style of Field Recordings.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me Voy A Ir', in the style of Electroacoustic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stormy Monday - Live At Fillmore East, March 13, 1971', in the style of Noise-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Nobody Praying For Me', in the style of No Wave.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Expectations', in the style of Garage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My One And Only Love', in the style of Jazz: Out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sonata for Violin and Piano in G Minor, Op. 1: III. Presto', in the style of Hardcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'My Last Affair', in the style of Americana.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op.43: Variation XVI: Allegretto', in the style of Asia-Far East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Feel Like Dancin' - Radio Edit', in the style of Big Band/Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Fool for Your Stockings', in the style of Sound Poetry.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When I Lost You', in the style of IDM.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chattanooga Choo Choo - Remastered Version', in the style of Chip Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Grease Box', in the style of Thrash.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Speed of the Sound of Loneliness', in the style of Surf.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Playing a Lullaby (instrumental)', in the style of Symphony.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Wounded - 2008 Remaster', in the style of Cumbia.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Let Me Down Easy', in the style of Gospel.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Your Song', in the style of Jungle.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Still in Love', in the style of Turkish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Please Call Home', in the style of Blues.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Minority', in the style of Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Willy Wonka (feat. Paulina & Jafé)', in the style of Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good-Bye, Fare Ye Well', in the style of Post-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shit Can Happen', in the style of Jazz: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Zephyr Song', in the style of Drone.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'After You Get What You Want (You Don't Want It)', in the style of Indie-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Last Resort - Live On MTV, 1994', in the style of Afrobeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'There She Goes', in the style of African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Italian Concerto in F Major, BWV 971: III. Presto', in the style of Singer-Songwriter.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Battle-axe', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Waltzes, Op. Posth. 69: No. 1 in A-Flat Major. Lento "L'adieu"', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Two Dope Boyz (In a Cadillac)', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Change Of Heart', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Offensive Language', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Oh Cecilia (Breaking My Heart)', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Baby C'mon', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chantez les bas (Sing 'Em Low)', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Addicted To You', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Giuseppe Tornatore Suite: Playing Love from "The Legend of 1900"', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keyboard Suite in D Minor, HWV 437: III. Sarabande (Arr. for Chamber Orchestra)', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With Teeth', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Raining In Baltimore', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Masquerade Is Over', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Send Me', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Variations on a Theme by Haydn, Op. 56a: VI. Variation V. Vivace', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Together', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation 17 a 2 Clav. - 1955 Version', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'How Soon Is Now? - 2008 Remaster', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Behold That Star / Carol Of The Bells', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Shop Around', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Daylight - Original Mix', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'It Had to Be You (Trio Instrumental)', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come Out And Play (Keep ‘Em Separated)', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Goldberg Variations, BWV 988: Variation 11 a 2 Clav. - 1955 Version', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Megher Kole Kole Jay Re Chole', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gonna Have a Party', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Most of Us Are Sad - 2013 Remaster', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'No Pity for a Coward', in the style of Shoegaze.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Small Man, Big Mouth', in the style of Chill-out.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blame It on the Boogie', in the style of Chamber Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Come and See Me (feat. Drake)', in the style of Western Swing.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Pictures Of You', in the style of Rap.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can Change', in the style of Contemporary Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Keep It Real', in the style of Hip-Hop Beats.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'We're Only Gonna Die', in the style of Avant-Garde.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Place Where You Belong', in the style of Old-Time / Historic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Show You Off', in the style of Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Nitty Gritty', in the style of Audio Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue in D Minor, BWV 903: Fugue', in the style of Psych-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(Good Night) Irene (Take 1)', in the style of Loud-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'm Straight', in the style of Electro-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Alright', in the style of French.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Electric Co. - Remastered 2008', in the style of Post-Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Blue Skied An' Clear', in the style of Death-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Freaks (feat. Doug E. Fresh)', in the style of Polka.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'King Of The Dancehall', in the style of Black-Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'O Come Little Children/We'll Dress The House', in the style of Bollywood.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Hot Canary', in the style of House.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'CROWN', in the style of Talk Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Doug's Blues', in the style of Improv.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Professor Booty - Remastered 2009', in the style of Composed Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Color Him Father', in the style of Deep Funk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall', in the style of Rock Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song '2SEATER (feat. Aaron Shaw, Samantha Nelson & Austin Feinstein)', in the style of Dubstep.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Up on the Roof', in the style of Romany (Gypsy).
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yearning For Love, "Lawrence's Concerto": Yearning For Love (Lawrence's Concerto)', in the style of Spanish.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No.1 in C Major, Op. 21: 1. Adagio molto. Allegro con brio', in the style of Salsa.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Brothers Go to Mothers', in the style of Christmas.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Chorale Variations on the Christmas Carol "Vom Himmel hoch da komm' ich her", BWV 769: Variation II (Alio modo in Canone alla Quinta)', in the style of Novelty.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Dedication (feat. Kendrick Lamar)', in the style of Easy Listening.
Create an english song inspired by the song '50K Remix (feat. T.I.)', in the style of Spoken.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ante Up (feat. Busta Rhymes, Teflon & Remi Martin) - Remix', in the style of Metal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Apple Peaches Pumpkin Pie', in the style of Ambient Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Me and You', in the style of Psych-Rock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The House - Instrumental', in the style of Free-Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Why Do I Love You?', in the style of Indian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Warm Place', in the style of Progressive.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ex-Wives', in the style of Power-Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Can't Keep From Crying Sometimes', in the style of Spoken Weird.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head - Instrumental / From "Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid" Soundtrack', in the style of N. Indian Traditional.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Here's That Rainy Day', in the style of British Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Gypsy - 2013 Remaster', in the style of 20th Century Classical.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cowboy Up', in the style of Chiptune.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'A Rainy Night in Soho', in the style of Lounge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Étude in C Minor, Op. 10, No. 12 "Revolutionary"', in the style of Synth Pop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sweet And Lovely (Take 1)', in the style of Radio Theater.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Natural Sounds - Wood Thrush, Natural Speed', in the style of Minimalism.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ruby, My Dear', in the style of Latin.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Good Vibrations (Mono)', in the style of Abstract Hip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ball Crusher', in the style of Klezmer.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Punch and the Child, Op. 49: Scene I: Overture - Child's Dance - Storm - Punch and the Child', in the style of Tango.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Take on the World', in the style of Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Source of Infection', in the style of Disco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With A Little Help From My Friends - Live At Fillmore East/1970', in the style of Soundtrack.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Need You - Remastered', in the style of Lo-Fi.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Steppin' Out With My Baby', in the style of Experimental.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Is That You?', in the style of Free-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Never Smile at a Crocodile', in the style of Industrial.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'He's a Good Lad', in the style of Nerdcore.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Go-Go Round', in the style of Freak-Folk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All The Way Turnt Up', in the style of Ambient.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Birth Of The Boogie', in the style of Europe.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Jealou$y (feat. Casey Veggies & Kossisko)', in the style of Brazilian.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Through Heaven's Eyes - The Prince Of Egypt/Soundtrack Version', in the style of Be-Bop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Strange Thing Mystifying - From "Jesus Christ Superstar" Soundtrack', in the style of Breakcore - Hard.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Battle Belongs to the Lord', in the style of Flamenco.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You're Too Lovely to Last - Take 1', in the style of Dance.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Johnny Jump Up/Morrison's Jig', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Elizabeth My Dear - Remastered', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Yo Sere Tu Sol', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mozart: Clarinet Concerto in A Major, K. 622: II. Adagio', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Widow', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Unheard Music', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Army Life', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Moss', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Together Now - Remastered 2009', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Can You Understand', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stranger In Town', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From This Moment On', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Multiply (feat. Juicy J)', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Mr. Tambourine Man', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The New Workout Plan', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Do It Now', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'And The Money Kept Rolling In (And Out) - Original Cast Recording/1979', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Ram On - Remastered 2012', in the style of Unclassifiable.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'All Or Nothing At All', in the style of Easy Listening: Vocal.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Billy the Kid Suite: III. Mexican Dance and Finale', in the style of Celtic.
Create an english song inspired by the song '눈,코,입 (Eyes, Nose, Lips)', in the style of Minimal Electronic.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Stompin At The Savoy', in the style of Sound Collage.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You Go To My Head', in the style of Trip-Hop.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Since I Fell For You - Live At Bohemian Caverns, D.C./1965', in the style of Kid-Friendly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'One Day I'll Fly Away', in the style of Bigbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'What's My Age Again? - Live/1999', in the style of Choral Music.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Start Today', in the style of Downtempo.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When The Wind Was Green', in the style of Breakbeat.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Born Free', in the style of Wonky.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Wheel of the Quivering Meat Conception (with Steve Allen)', in the style of Modern Jazz.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I'll Take You There', in the style of International.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Till The Cows Come Home', in the style of Country.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Cha-Ching (Till We Grow Older)', in the style of Sound Effects.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Five Card Stud', in the style of Punk.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) - Remix', in the style of Krautrock.
Create an english song inspired by the song '(I Can't) Forget About You', in the style of Latin America.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Runnin' (Lose It All)', in the style of Radio.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'You And Me Of The 10,000 Wars', in the style of Reggae - Dub.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From Time', in the style of Sludge.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'She Wanted to Leave (With Hidden Track)', in the style of Middle East.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Melody - Remastered', in the style of Balkan.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Symphony No. 2 in D Major, Op. 73: I. Allegro non troppo', in the style of Rockabilly.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'The Bare Necessities', in the style of Pacific.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'From the Beginning', in the style of Glitch.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Roll On Down The Highway', in the style of North African.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Don't Care', in the style of New Age.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'West Side Story: Act II: Somewhere', in the style of Drum & Bass.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Bad Romance', in the style of Spoken Word.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'Catch Me I'm Falling', in the style of Opera.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'When Ginny Kissed Harry', in the style of Skweee.
Create an english song inspired by the song ''A sunnambula - Instrument and base Version', in the style of Compilation.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'I Heard Love Is Blind', in the style of Country & Western.
Create an english song inspired by the song 'With God On Our Side', in the style of Nu-Jazz.
